How to pray Taraweeh for women
After this message came to the program
from one of the sisters, says your sister in God Masouda  Sufian
our sister says: I want to know how to pray Taraweeh for women without an imam
A: In her house - are you openly, and can women pray in their homes?
Yes, Taraweeh prayer is given from every two nights in the houses, and the woman prays and becomes
And the middle, not in front of them, but between them, grow up and raise her voice reading to benefit from them
This is a draft narrated from Aisha and Rui on the Prophet's husbands ﷺ did so, has ordered
The Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) said: "If a woman prays in their homes,
Ramadan, or at times when the whole prayer is good, all is good